docs: apply Snyk writing-style skill to Snyk API & Web pages (#1357)
snyk/user-docs: scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/integrations/overview-cicd-integrations/integrate-snyk-api-web-with-github-actions.md

          region: "eu"
```

Depending on the region where your Snyk instance is located, you must specify a region value. The options are `eu`, `us`, and `au`.

> Replace `<TARGET_ID>` with the target ID you copied in the Prerequisites step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `<TARGET_ID>` with the target ID you copied in the Create a target in Snyk step.
```
